CMP307 Software Engineering Practice
Project Part 1
Introduction
    TayMark is a growth hacking marketing agency that helps new and established companies to achieve swift and sustainable growth.
    It has a largeportfolio of clients and active projects.
    TayMark employees come froma range of backgrounds including marketing, sales, design, project management, and web development.

    It is common for TayMark project teams to have ad hoc meetings throughout the day, to discuss active projects.
    These meetings often happen at short notice and are informally managed in messaging apps.
    While there are a number of meetings rooms available it seems that different team meetings often happen at the same time, leading to lack of room space, rescheduling of the meeting, and a general waste of productivity.

    TayMark requires you to design and develop a lightweight scheduling software system to help them manage ad hoc team meetings.
    The software should be implemented to the specifications of the client, which are provided below.

Client Requirements
    TayMark (the client) requests that a software system is designed and developed to allow its employees to schedule ad hoc team meetings more efficiently.
    Any employee should be able to book a meeting, which includes a room and participants.
    Upon a successful booking the software should inform other participants of the meeting details.
    TayMark top management is willing to mandate use of the software if deemed suitable.

    Since meetings are ad hoc it should be possible to schedule a meeting for any time on that specific day, but not any further into the future.
    The software should keep track of meeting rooms’ availability and usage, and prevent clashing bookings.
    If no room is available a suitable message should be displayed and it would be nice if analternative time could be suggested.
    It can be assumed that all meeting rooms have similar facilities, but capacity between rooms differ.
    The software should make the room capacity clear and, due to safety regulations, must not allow overcrowding.

    As the agency operates within a Microsoft environment, the software developed must run on our Microsoft Windows 10 computers.
    We also have a central Microsoft (windows server 2019) server that may be used to host any parts of the software.
    The software will only be used on our local office network.
    As a marketing agency with tight project deadlines, we cannot afford delay or downtime in our systems.
    As such, the software should be reliable, secure, and fit for purpose.

    We would appreciate if the software could look professional, as we are a trending agency.
    Employees use various software suites to manage information and communications, but ad hoc team meetings are usually scheduled on the fly using some type of messaging app.
    We would like to keep this lightweight and easy to understand approach.
    Most of our employees use messaging apps like “WhatsApp” and “Facebook Messenger”, so an interface that shares similarity with these apps would be welcomed.